**13** (10/06/2021)  
1 In your youth, you may have trodded your home and yard. Then, as you grew, you became accustomed to your village and nearby forests. And in the bravery of your curious mind, you may have ventured further to lands unknown to you. Perhaps you even felt drawn to these mysterious places by an unknown longing. And so you submitted to them - and left. 2. To forge new connections and learn in your innocent unknowing. This is the gift of uncertainty and change.  
2 You may be extremely rich or incredibly impoverished, and you will still journey forth. As far as your volition may take you. 3 From the place you pitched your tent in the beginning, 4 to the place you built your first altar, 5 and further to the space where your face turned to the sky and ardently cried out for absolution; your fingers clinging to the earthen soil. 6 But, much frenzied energy exists in you and around you. For you are a creature containing flocks of memories both familiar and unfamiliar to you, and herds of prayer that has sustained your grazing and water needs, and shelters of safety in the land that grows and changes around you.  
7 All castes will experience disunity and quarrelling which will not be overcome without empathetic acceptance. 8 Let there be no strife between you and me, between your herdmen and my herdmen; for we are all brethren of the original energy and are closer in our structural similarity than other networks of the universe. 9 Is not the whole land before you? Let us share and work together in symbiosis. All you take from me is a gift, and I will take from you your gifts, and we will flow together across this world. (10/07/2021) 10 Let us make sure that everything around us flourishes and that which is perceived is not seen as something broken and dissolved but instead as something that is tranformed and anew as a new energy iteration.  
11 (10/08/2021) In our kinship we will grow; our differences as much a gift as our similarities. And yet, at any given moment, we may depart from one another and travel beyond our familiar comfort. 12 You may dwell in the plains of wheat and I may abide the thickets in green forests. 13 We will pitch our tent on every surface in our travels and not one haven or its people will be wicked or sinful, even if their customs are beyond your knowing.  
14 And when you are separated from your kin, lift up your eyes and look from the place where you art northward, and southward and eastward, and westward: 15 for all the land which you see belongs to you, your kin, the fowls of the air, the fish in the sea, the slithering creatures across the ground, the insects in the leaves, and the very leaves themselves. 16 And all the seeds of these beings are the dust of the earth, and this dust is innumerable and vast and made of pure energy. 17 Arise, walk through the land to its end. Then turn and walk to its head and its tail, and lay to rest beneath trees of all colors. 18 Finally, at the end of your walk, you will no longer need a tent, nor food, or sustenance - so gaze into the blanketed sky at the universe that will ferrying you to your next energy cycle, and rest. 
