**20**
  
1 In your travels through this life you will have and have had companions. 2 Companions who are like or unlike you in flesh, in speech, in torsion capabilities, in growth, in sight, in lifespan, or otherwise. You will be called sister and brother and kin and secret names that are only known to you. 3 You will dream of taking and giving back and the consequences of each action. You will dream as the dead dream, without restrictive morality. 4 You will learn that the labels of your abject experience are not universal to even those you call sister and brother and kin. 5 Though the integrity of thy heart is always good, according to the eternal good of the universe, you cannot help from being perceived to sin against another. 6 Even with the best of intentions, if the one you have unknowingly acted against is a prophet, sinner, or saint, you will be faced with restoring order or confronting moral death. Your choice is in itself good, though it may feel as if you are split in twain.  

8 Perhaps you choose to rise in the early morning, as the sun once again crests the proverbial edge of your reality, and point to those who were forcing you into decision saying, "What have I done unto you? Where have I sinned against thee to have been made a villain?" 9 And in their heart they will say, "It was I who feared you, and your judgement. I spoke the truth as I experienced." 10 And you may respond with your frustration of the dilemma betwixt you. 11 And as the wind changes course, so will the misunderstanding or knowledge that informs each of you and no further will hostility grow. 11 The moment to give thine brother and sister and kin a thousand pieces of acknowledgement and healing will be nigh.
