**17**  

1 You will not reach the end of your life here, at ninety years, or perhaps tomorrow, but you will change and you will not be known in the way you are today, but you will be perfect. 2 And the covenant that was made between you and the universe will continue, and you will be multiplied exceedingly forever. 3 You will rise and you do now and have done since the first uncertainty. Then you will fall in the dirt without effort - like breathing. 4 Behold, again, we establish covenant with ourselves and each other with the knowledge that everything on the earth shall die even if you be the creator of many things. 5 you will no longer be named in a language you speak. 6 Yet, even in your decay, you will be fruitful as food, companion, neighbor, and home. 7 Across time and space, we establish another covenant with all that we touch, and the seed of you in the next generation. 8 You will be given gifts in lands wherein you are a stanger and for an everlastingly finite time you will be a god.   
9 And as a god, you will keep a covenant, that will always be changing and sown in far off pastures. 10 Each of these covenants current and past will be felt for generations to come, and each will cut structures down and help structures grow, in tandem. 11 Every sacrifice made by yourself and those around you in this covenant will bring you closer as a community. 12 And those among your community will also give a lamb to the whole, so beware quantities, for all will give that which he can in one measure or another. 13 When one acts against their people, there will be pushback and calls for a new covenant to secure the souls and sacrifices of the tribe. 14 And those who oppose this covenant can and may leave for that which is annew, a sacrifice unto themselves and others - a new covenant born.  
15 In your new covenant, your will shall also be blessed. 16 And so it will go, on repeat. Establishment. Renewal. Fruitfulness and fruitlessness. Forbearance and foreboding. Traits that will cycle through you and your people's covenants forever. This change. This grief. Is good and whole in its own right - as is all the work of the universe.
