**26**  

1 When famine of the mind and stomach grips the land, drought and scarcity that are different than the ones remembered by the old and long departed ancestors, many bodies will shake and move forth. 2 Demesnes will become temporary steads and shelters will be left as breadcrumbs revealing past experiences. 3 Stay in one land as an immigrant, and you and your decendents will be blessed until the idea of immigration is long forgotten by your kin. 4 When you have as many descendants and ancestors as the stars in the sky, all of them will have forgotten what it was like to roam across the land and not be part of its holdings. 5 The peoples of that land to which you and your kin are familiar will and will have kept orders, derived commandments and statutes, and followed instructions forged by years of civilization and growth.  

6 They will be born, live, and die there. 7 When people who live in a new place introduce themself, they will concern themselves with fitting in and not being disruptive to their neighbors, lest they be shunned or bullied by those who fear their foreignness. 8 Each has their own path to walk for acceptance and non-acceptance by the creatures and entities of the earth. 9 You will laugh, cry, and be indifferent to many around you. Others will laugh, cry, and be indifferent to you as well. 10 All types of existences are good in their own right if you do not compare your situation with that of others. 11 To covet another's situation and even one's own, is to sow dissatisfaction.  

12 So you may begin by planting grain in the land and reaping the benefits the next year. 12 You may rejoice in the blessings and treasures of your and others' hard work. 13 Richer and richer you may grow. Poorer and poorer you may grow. 14 With livestock, cattle, subordinates. Or nothing at all - in your perception. 15 Others might become envious of your possessions. You might become envious of others' possessions. 16 Some may urge you blatantly or covertly to leave the community because you have become too powerful for them. You may urge others near and far from you to also leave the community because they have become too powerful for you.  

17 So you will move away, and they will move away - immigrants once more. Uncertain in this change. As is the way of the universe. 18 New wells will be dug in the places of long forgotten travellers. 19 In the valleys and the flatlands and the mountains water may be found to sustain fertile land to grow food and feed livestock. 20 Even in the desert may one find refuge, should their heart and mind be open to trying and dissapointment and learning.

