**15**

1 Even with their god's protection, people felt fear, even though they spoke amongst one another whispering, "Fear not. I am thy shield, and thy exceedingly great reward." 2 And they responded to themselves in kind, " What wilt thou give me? Who will I give to?" 3 "I have produced no progeny, and I have none I care for enough in all of the houses of this village to give unto." 4 And in time, they looked to the stars and began to swell, 5 and defeated their self-doubt through action. 6 Then they affirmed their belief in their own energy, and focused not on the credit of their work, but in the movement of it. 7 Every creature is reminded of the network they were brought forth out of and all they inherit simply by looking. 8 If they ask, "How will I know that I have inherited it?", 9 tell them that they need only look to the heifer, the lizard, the turtledove, the ocean, and the slimemolds for proof.  
11 And the sun will set, day after day. 12 And every creature will fall into a deep sleep when the darkness falls on them. 13 And as surely as oats are sown, reaped, and enshrined, will those who witness and behold be enslaved to the oats. 14 By the nation, will they serve the oats and be judged. 15 And those nations will be buried young and old, alike. 16 And many will find peace in their crimes as the dawns bloom. 17 And it has and will come to pass, that when the sun  goes down, that it will be a glittering vaccume in the smoking furnace of those places. 18 And the same day, they will be reminded that they are part of this land and were present for the first motions of the Nile, Colorado, Meuse, Susquehanna, Tigris, and Euphrates rivers. 
