**30**  

1 When one realizes that the trees of the universe do not bear fruit in the same way or shape that they thought they would, even with all their efforts and desire, some may become angry, hopeless, and dissapointed. 2 They may say something similar to, "If I do not have this go in my way, all is lost." 3 This grief can be born by the internal self and submission to one's responsibility, or instead they can point at someone or something else with blame.  
4 Blame is a poison to both the giver and receiver. It does not plant trees that bear fruits. 5 And so, one may impregnate those around them with guilt and fault which will be a thistle that grows and flourishes. 6 It will cover both the most barren and most fertile ground and choke out the native, healthy plants. 7 In this way, those who pleaded for thorny vindication will have been granted their gift of briers. 8 In their replication, they will not be able to see the possibilities of other plant growth. The biodiversity within themselves will be so scarce, that they will only know how to point outward and take though these methods. 9 They will outcompete fiercely with their brother and sister plants, and they will win - unless other plants learn to resist. 
10 Others will learn from this behavior and the cycle of energy consumption will proliferate. 11 This is good according to the bylaws of the universe - for this network of life too is precious to learning and expansion.  
12 During the wheat harvest and in times of plenty, people will appear to be starving. 13 They will bargain, cheat, sell, and turn a cold, fat cheek. 14 The truly hungry will fade and disappear unless they learn, shift, and join the game. 14 Sleeping organisms on the defensive will always lose to more active predators. 15 Change and predation and growth are promises of the universe. And it is all good.
