**24**

1 And when you are old, and well stricken in age, you will be blessed in all things. 2 And you will have ruled over all that you have experienced, and your mind will be your caretaker. 3 You will find the wisdom to act with the cultivated confidence of your years, and you will go into your country to your kindred and share what you have learned. 4 Many will hear your words and not listen to them. 5 For is the way of each persons' caretaker and their path into learning and knowing some truths. 6 Unto thy seed the land is given and every other seed spawned. 7 As for those not willing to follow you or your heedings, do not fret, for all paths are thorny and absorbed and rejected in their own time. 8 These barbed existences lead to ingenuity and are to be valued, as all things are.  

9 So go forth, and take your literal and metaphorical camels, and depart into cities to share your goods and exchange them for other goods. 10 Goods of the mind, body, and soul. 11 Let your camels drink water from all vessels to learn the consequences of each, as they serve you. 12 And others will do the same. 13 Thousands of millions of creatures you will pass and influence and be influenced by. 14 Miles and miles of distance will you cover, eating and drinking and tarrying all night with the beings of this world. 14 Teaching and learning in kind, where all lessons are heeded and molded in goodness and the infinite truths. 15 In this way, you will be the architect of thousands of milllions, and thine seed will possess the gates to all that has been accomplished in your lifetime and the lifetimes of those before you. 16 Even in secret will all knowledged be passed forth, though access to it may be hidden.
