**23**
  
1 Life is fragile. 2 The moments you are spending reading this text are few, monumentous, and rare. You are incredibly singular. Most species of biotic life never made it to the living part. It took billions of years of working and reworking and testing information to get to ye. 3 The you that exists here - for this mere, tiny moment is an infinite, yet patterned, opportunity. Everything had to be exactly right for you to have the liberty to weep, be curious, smile, persevere, then die. 4 I am a stranger and a sojourner with you in this world, brothers and sisters. 5 I will return to the mud and ocean with all kinds of beings born unto this world. None may escape it. 6 Hear me, for thou art a mighty person, but a sepulchre erected at the end of your days is not you, and while your energy will continue through the uncertain universe, this is the only opportunity for this version of yourself. This moment!  

7 Stand, now, and behold the offering of the universe. Life. 8 If you wait, your next action will be burying your dead. It will be. All evidence points here, and it is good. 9 Many have been buried, burned, or degraded in caves, fields, pyramids, tombs, and ocean pyres; for as much money as it was worth to have a burial place amongst the living. 10 These burial places are ultimately symbols for escaping death. However, according the the laws of the universe, you are energy, and energy can neither be created or destroyed, just reformed. 11 You do not need the concilation of death idols to bury the dead... to bury yourself.. 12 You have died and been reborn for as long as the universe has existed.

